Alexgallotta/sls 3048 update cloud run and container apps installation instructions d (#16742)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/google_cloud_run/_index.md

provides monitoring and log collection for Cloud Run through the [GCP integration][1]. Datadog also provides a solution,
now in public beta, for instrumenting your Cloud Run applications with a purpose-built Agent to enable tracing, custom
metrics, and direct log collection.

  <div class="alert alert-warning">This feature is in public beta. You can provide feedback through a <a href="https://forms.gle/HSiDGnTPvDvbzDAQA">feedback form</a>, or through your standard support channels. During the beta period, Cloud Run monitoring and APM tracing are available without a direct cost. Existing APM customers may incur increased span ingestion and volume costs. </div>

## Getting started

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have a [Datadog API Key][10] and are using a programming language [supported by a Datadog tracing library][2].

### Deploy a sample application in one click

To deploy a sample application without the need to follow the rest of the guide, you can use on of [these examples][12]. The installation process will ask the required details such as the Datadog API Key. Note that these applications send data to the default website `datadoghq.com`.

> ### Configure your container with the Datadog Agent

Reviewer: Given your updates, I think a title "Instrument your application" makes better sense.

To build your container with Datadog instrumentation you can follow one of these two methods, depending if you are using a Dockerfile or buildpack.

#### Configure the Datadog Agent using Dockerfile

Using a Dockerfile to build your container, the following steps are needed:

1. Use the `COPY` instruction to copy the [Datadog `serverless-init` binary][3] into your Docker image.

> 2. Use the `ENTRYPOINT` instruction to run the `serverless-init` binary as your Docker container is initiated.

Reviewer: Related to my other comment about pulling in key changes from the sample repo to the sample snippet below, I think it might be better to merge these explanation as comments to the dockerfile sample?

Something in my mind (not tested):

```
// Install and run the Datadog Agent
COPY --from=datadog/serverless-init /datadog-init /app/datadog-init
ENTRYPOINT ["/app/datadog-init"]

// Install the Datadog tracing library
pip install ddtrace

// Start your application with Datadog tracing
CMD ["ddtrace-run", "python", "app.py"] (adapt this line to your needs)

// Configure Datadog tags
ENV DD_SERVICE=my-service
ENV DD_ENV=dev
ENV DD_VERSION=1
```

Author: yeah it feel like a duplicate instruction in the list and code. I changed it in the last comment

3. Use the `CMD` instruction to run your existing application and other required commands as arguments.

You can accomplish those steps by adding the following lines to your Dockerfile. You may need to adjust these examples depending on your existing Dockerfile setup.

{{< programming-lang-wrapper langs="go,python,nodejs,java,dotnet,ruby" >}}
{{< programming-lang lang="go" >}}

```
COPY --from=datadog/serverless-init /datadog-init /app/datadog-init
ENTRYPOINT ["/app/datadog-init"]
CMD ["/path/to/your-go-binary"] (adapt this line to your needs)
```

[Sample code for a simple Go application](https://github.com/DataDog/crpb/tree/main/go).

{{< /programming-lang >}}
{{< programming-lang lang="python" >}}

```
COPY --from=datadog/serverless-init /datadog-init /app/datadog-init
ENTRYPOINT ["/app/datadog-init"]

> CMD ["ddtrace-run", "python", "app.py"] (adapt this line to your needs)

Reviewer: Actually I think we should pull the key changes, e.g., installing the tracer, to the sample dockerfile here. Otherwise user need to spend a good amount of time looking at the sample repo to know what are part of the sample app vs what are the datadog changes they need to add to their own app. Also here we already give instruction using "ddtrace-run", but there is no instruction about installing ddtrace, which is really strange and confusing.

Author: it's not for all languages, I added the installation when needed

```

[Sample code for a simple Python application](https://github.com/DataDog/crpb/tree/main/python).

{{< /programming-lang >}}
{{< programming-lang lang="nodejs" >}}

```
COPY --from=datadog/serverless-init /datadog-init /app/datadog-init
ENTRYPOINT ["/app/datadog-init"]
CMD ["/nodejs/bin/node", "/path/to/your/app.js"] (adapt this line to your needs)

```

[Sample code for a simple Node.js application](https://github.com/DataDog/crpb/tree/main/js).

{{< /programming-lang >}}
{{< programming-lang lang="java" >}}

```
COPY --from=datadog/serverless-init /datadog-init /app/datadog-init
ENTRYPOINT ["/app/datadog-init"]
CMD ["./mvnw", "spring-boot:run"] (adapt this line to your needs)

```

[Sample code for a simple Java application](https://github.com/DataDog/crpb/tree/main/java).

{{< /programming-lang >}}
{{< programming-lang lang="dotnet" >}}

```
COPY --from=datadog/serverless-init /datadog-init /app/datadog-init
ENTRYPOINT ["/app/datadog-init"]
CMD ["dotnet", "helloworld.dll"] (adapt this line to your needs)

```

> [Sample code for a simple .NET application](https://github.com/DataDog/crpb/tree/main/dotnet).

Reviewer: Looks like that we don't yet have a .NET sample.

Author: Removed the link for now. It can be added back with the example once it's ready

{{< /programming-lang >}}
{{< programming-lang lang="ruby" >}}

```
COPY --from=datadog/serverless-init /datadog-init /app/datadog-init
ENTRYPOINT ["/app/datadog-init"]
CMD ["rails", "server", "-b", "0.0.0.0"] (adapt this line to your needs)

```

[Sample code for a simple Ruby application](https://github.com/DataDog/crpb/tree/main/ruby-on-rails).

{{< /programming-lang >}}
{{< /programming-lang-wrapper >}}

#### Configure the Datadog Agent using buildpack

[`Pack Buildpacks`][4] provide a convenient way to package your container without using a Dockerfile. This example will use the GCP container registry and Datadog serverless buildpack. Build your application by running the following command:

   ```shell
   pack build --builder=gcr.io/buildpacks/builder \
   --buildpack from=builder \
   --buildpack datadog/serverless-buildpack \
   gcr.io/YOUR_PROJECT/YOUR_APP_NAME
   ```

> **Note**: Not compatible with Alpine.

Reviewer: Since our buildpack doesn't install the tracer, we still need to link user to doc like this https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/trace_collection/dd_libraries/python?tab=containers#instrument-your-application

Author: That section exists only for Java, Python, Nodejs, Ruby, dotnet.
Golang part is missing, but there is something here https://docs.datadoghq.com/serverless/installation/go/?tab=serverlessframework#install-the-datadog-lambda-library

Author: I added a generic tracing link together with some other changes

### Deploy the Application with the Datadog Agent

{{< tabs >}}

{{% tab "Cloud Run web UI" %}}

1. Create a secret with Datadog API key. This can be done via [Secret Manager](https://console.cloud.google.com/security/secret-manager) in your GCP console and clicking on **Create secret**. Set a name (for example, `datadog-api-key`) in the **Name** field. Then, paste your Datadog API key in the **Secret value** field.

2. Go to [Cloud Run](https://console.cloud.google.com/run) in your GCP console. and click on **Create service**.

3. Select **Deploy one revision from an existing container image**. Choose your previously built image.

4. Select your invocation authentication method.

5. Reference your previously created secret, named `datadog-api-key` in this guide. Go to the **Container, Networking, Security** section and select the **Secrets** tab. click on **Reference a secret** and choose the secret you created from your Datadog API key. You may need to grant your user access to the secret.

6. Under **Reference method**, select **Exposed as environment variable**.

7. Under the **Environment variables** section, ensure that the name is set to `DD_API_KEY`.

> 8. Still under **Environment variables**, create two more variables. One named `DD_TRACE_ENABLED` set to `true` to enable tracing. Another named `DD_SITE` containing the Datadog site which will collect the data (if not set, it defaults to `datadoghq.com`)

Reviewer: You can actually do this: Set `<DD_SITE>` with {{< region-param key="dd_site" code="true" >}} (ensure the correct SITE is selected on the right).

The {{< region-param key="dd_site" code="true" >}} macro gives you the correct site value based what's selected in the doc site (note the site selector top right). Otherwise, it's hard for user to figure out the exact value for DD_SITE.

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "gcloud CLI" %}}
For testing purpose, the Datadog API key can be exposed as an environment variable. That is unsafe due to its value being displayed in plaintext. Allowing any external connection to reach the service, this one line command will deploy the service. It expects `DD_API_KEY` to be set as environment variable and a service listening to port 80

```shell
gcloud run deploy APP_NAME --image=gcr.io/YOUR_PROJECT/APP_NAME \
  --port=80 \
  --update-env-vars=DD_API_KEY=$(DD_API_KEY) \
  --update-env-vars=DD_TRACE_ENABLED=true \
  --update-env-vars=DD_SITE='datadoghq.com' \
  --allow-unauthenticated

```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### Results

Once the deploy is completed, you should be able to see metrics and traces of your Cloud Run application in the Datadog UI after at most a few minutes!

## Additional Configurations

- **Tracing:** the Datadog Agent already provides some basic tracing for popular frameworks. Follow the guide for [advanced tracing](2) for more

> - **Logs:** If you use [GCP integration][1] your logs are already being collected. Alternatively, you can set the `DD_LOGS_ENABLED` environment variable to true to capture application logs through the serverless instrumentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Logs:** If you use [GCP integration][1] your logs are already being collected. Alternatively, you can set the `DD_LOGS_ENABLED` environment variable to `true` to capture application logs through the serverless instrumentation directly.
```

- link: 'https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/collect-traces-logs-from-cloud-run-with-datadog/'
  tag: 'Blog'
  text: 'Collect traces, logs, and custom metrics from GCR services'

---

## Overview

Google Cloud Run is a fully managed serverless platform for deploying and scaling container-based applications. Datadog
provides monitoring and log collection for Cloud Run through the [GCP integration][1]. Datadog also provides a solution,
now in public beta, for instrumenting your Cloud Run applications with a purpose-built Agent to enable tracing, custom
metrics, and direct log collection.

  <div class="alert alert-warning">This feature is in public beta. You can provide feedback through a <a href="https://forms.gle/HSiDGnTPvDvbzDAQA">feedback form</a>, or through your standard support channels. During the beta period, Cloud Run monitoring and APM tracing are available without a direct cost. Existing APM customers may incur increased span ingestion and volume costs. </div>

## Getting started

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have a [Datadog API Key][10] and are using a programming language [supported by a Datadog tracing library][2].

### Deploy a sample application in one click

> To deploy a sample application without the need to follow the rest of the guide, you can use on of [these examples][12]. The installation process will ask the required details such as the Datadog API Key. Note that these applications send data to the default website `datadoghq.com`.

Author: thanks for the correction!

ENTRYPOINT ["/app/datadog-init"]

# execute your binary application wrapped in the entrypoint. Adapt this line to your needs
CMD ["rails", "server", "-b", "0.0.0.0"] (adapt this line to your needs)

```

[Sample code for a simple Ruby application][1].
More details on the [Ruby tracing library][2].

[1]: https://github.com/DataDog/crpb/tree/main/ruby-on-rails
[2]: /tracing/trace_collection/dd_libraries/ruby/?tab=containers#instrument-your-application

{{< /programming-lang >}}
{{< /programming-lang-wrapper >}}

#### 1.b Instrument using buildpack

[`Pack Buildpacks`][4] provide a convenient way to package your container without using a Dockerfile. This example uses the GCP container registry and Datadog serverless buildpack.

**Note**: Follow the instructions to install the [tracing library][2] for your language before running the buildpack.

Build your application by running the following command:

   ```shell
   pack build --builder=gcr.io/buildpacks/builder \
   --buildpack from=builder \
   --buildpack datadog/serverless-buildpack \
   gcr.io/YOUR_PROJECT/YOUR_APP_NAME
   ```

**Note**: Not compatible with Alpine.

> ### 2. Datadog Agent configuration

Reviewer: "Configure your application"? or "Configure the instrumentation"? it's not only about configuring the agent (but also tracer, etc)

Once the container is built and pushed to your registry, the last step is to set the required environment variables for the  Datadog Agent:

> - `DD_API_KEY`: Datadog API key, used to send data to your Datadog account. It should be configured as a GCP Secret for privacy and safety issue.

Reviewer: Maybe I missed it, but could we keep the link to google's doc about creating and using secret in cloud run?

Author: oh my bad, I must have removed all the section. Adding it back

- `DD_SITE`: Datadog endpoint and website. If the correct SITE is selected on the right of this page it is {{< region-param key="dd_site" code="true" >}}.
- `DD_TRACE_ENABLED`: set to `true` to enable tracing

> For more environment variables and their function, see [Additional Configurations](#additional-configurations)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more environment variables and their function, see [Additional Configurations](#additional-configurations).
```

> Allowing any external connection to reach the service, this one line command will deploy the service. It expects `DD_API_KEY` to be set as environment variable and your service listening to port 80

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This command deploys the service and allows any external connection to reach it. Set `DD_API_KEY` as an environment variable, and set your service listening to port 80.
```

```shell
gcloud run deploy APP_NAME --image=gcr.io/YOUR_PROJECT/APP_NAME \
  --port=80 \
  --update-env-vars=DD_API_KEY=$(DD_API_KEY) \
  --update-env-vars=DD_TRACE_ENABLED=true \
  --update-env-vars=DD_SITE='datadoghq.com' \
  --allow-unauthenticated

```

### 3. Results

> Once the deploy is completed, your metrics and traces will be sent to your Datadog UI after a few minutes at most! Navigate to `Infrastructure->Serverless` to see the Ser

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the deploy is completed, your metrics and traces are sent to Datadog. In Datadog, navigate to **Infrastructure->Serverless** to see your serverless metrics and traces.
```

> ## Additional Configurations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Additional configurations
```

> - **Advanced Tracing:** the Datadog Agent already provides some basic tracing for popular frameworks. Follow the guide for [advanced tracing][2] for more

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Advanced Tracing:** The Datadog Agent already provides some basic tracing for popular frameworks. Follow the [advanced tracing guide][2] for more information.
```

> - **Logs:** If you use [GCP integration][1] your logs are already being collected. Alternatively, you can set the `DD_LOGS_ENABLED` environment variable to `true` to capture application logs through the serverless instrumentation directly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Logs:** If you use the [GCP integration][1], your logs are already being collected. Alternatively, you can set the `DD_LOGS_ENABLED` environment variable to `true` to capture application logs through the serverless instrumentation directly.
```

### Deploy a sample application in one click

To deploy a sample application without the need to follow the rest of the guide, you can use one of [these examples][12]. The installation process asks required details, such as your Datadog API key. Note that these applications send data to the default website `datadoghq.com`.

### 1. Instrument your application

To build your container with Datadog instrumentation you can follow one of these two methods, depending if you are using a Dockerfile or buildpack.

#### 1.a Instrument using Dockerfile

You can instrument your application by adding the following lines to your Dockerfile. You may need to adjust these examples depending on your existing Dockerfile setup.

{{< programming-lang-wrapper langs="go,python,nodejs,java,dotnet,ruby" >}}
{{< programming-lang lang="go" >}}

```
# copy the Datadog `serverless-init` into your Docker image
COPY --from=datadog/serverless-init /datadog-init /app/datadog-init

# change the entrypoint to wrap your application into the Datadog serverless-init process
ENTRYPOINT ["/app/datadog-init"]

> # optionally add Datadog tags

Reviewer 3: do we want do add DD_SITE here?

Author: All the environment variables needed by Datadog can be defined either in the Dockerfile or in CloundRun Env settings, right?
Right now it's written below in the CloudRun config, since it has some more explanation and the reference to the website to find the value.
I think it's ok to leave it there, since it is a short guide and it works. Someone familiar with docker should understand that they can go either way.
Do you think it's worth to add a note that env variables can be placed in different places?

ENV DD_SERVICE=datadog-demo-run-ruby
ENV DD_ENV=datadog-demo
ENV DD_VERSION=1

# change the entrypoint to wrap your application into the Datadog serverless-init process
ENTRYPOINT ["/app/datadog-init"]

# execute your binary application wrapped in the entrypoint. Adapt this line to your needs
CMD ["rails", "server", "-b", "0.0.0.0"] (adapt this line to your needs)

```

[Sample code for a simple Ruby application][1].
More details on the [Ruby tracing library][2].

[1]: https://github.com/DataDog/crpb/tree/main/ruby-on-rails
[2]: /tracing/trace_collection/dd_libraries/ruby/?tab=containers#instrument-your-application

{{< /programming-lang >}}
{{< /programming-lang-wrapper >}}

#### 1.b Instrument using buildpack

[`Pack Buildpacks`][4] provide a convenient way to package your container without using a Dockerfile. This example uses the GCP container registry and Datadog serverless buildpack.

**Note**: Follow the instructions to install the [tracing library][2] for your language before running the buildpack.

Build your application by running the following command:

   ```shell
   pack build --builder=gcr.io/buildpacks/builder \
   --buildpack from=builder \

>    --buildpack datadog/serverless-buildpack \

Reviewer 3: do we have a latest tag for buildpacks?

Author: yep
```sh
~ docker pull datadog/serverless-buildpack                       
Using default tag: latest
latest: Pulling from datadog/serverless-buildpacker-mysql         circleci/server-nomad            couchbase/server-sandbox         mariadb/server                   rancher/server                                                  
7ce0eca06fa0: Pull complete 
Digest: sha256:d18888305af42b689d686360b31b9f1680e046bc31a1671c23837be420ebad90
Status: Downloaded newer image for datadog/serverless-buildpack:latest
docker.io/datadog/serverless-buildpack:latest
```

title: Google Cloud Run
kind: documentation
further_reading:

- link: 'https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/collect-traces-logs-from-cloud-run-with-datadog/'
  tag: 'Blog'
  text: 'Collect traces, logs, and custom metrics from GCR services'

---

## Overview

Google Cloud Run is a fully managed serverless platform for deploying and scaling container-based applications. Datadog
provides monitoring and log collection for Cloud Run through the [GCP integration][1]. Datadog also provides a solution,
now in public beta, for instrumenting your Cloud Run applications with a purpose-built Agent to enable tracing, custom
metrics, and direct log collection.

  <div class="alert alert-warning">This feature is in public beta. You can provide feedback through a <a href="https://forms.gle/HSiDGnTPvDvbzDAQA">feedback form</a>, or through your standard support channels. During the beta period, Cloud Run monitoring and APM tracing are available without a direct cost. Existing APM customers may incur increased span ingestion and volume costs. </div>

> ## Getting started

Reviewer: After reading through your PR, I think we can further improve the structure to something below that logically reflects the steps people need to follow on the high level:

## Getting started
### Prerequisites
### Deploy a sample application in one click
### Configure the Datadog Agent
#### Using Dockerfile
#### Using Buildpack
### Configure the Datadog API key
### Configure tracing
### Configure custom metrics
### Configure logging
### Deploy to Google Cloud Run

What do you think?

Author: I like the idea, but for configure logging/custom metrics there is 1 line of instruction (or it's already set up) and the big titles just drain so much space and make it look longer than it needs.
Also I added `tracing` env in the instruction with the other env variables

### Prerequisites

> Make sure you have a [Datadog API Key][10] and are using a programming

Reviewer: @cswatt do you know if the line breaks would cause any problem? e.g., translation, etc.? @alexgallotta i think it's safer to avoid line breaks? You can probably update your editor to wrap the lines for you?

Author: Good idea, I'll just use soft wrap

language [supported by a Datadog tracing library][2].

### Deploy a sample application in one click

To deploy a sample application without the need to follow the rest of the guide, you can use

> the [Cloud Run Button](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-run-button)

Reviewer: Is it necessary to have the link for the "Cloud Run Button"? We can probably link it in the example repo's readme instead. So when user get to the readme and wonder what that big blue button is, they see a link to explain it.

from one of [these examples][12]. The installation process will ask the required
details.

> ### Build your container with Datadog instrumentation

Reviewer: I think we should say "Configure your container with the Datadog Agent", since that's what serverless-init actually does.

Cloud Run requires applications to be packaged in a container. From the application root folder follow the steps

> for either Dockerfile or buildpack build.

Reviewer: Let's highlight "or" in some way, based on previous experience with Lambda, whenever there is "or", you will find people do both...because some of them could be also new to Lambda (or GCR in this case)

Author: I tried to rephrase it

> #### Using Dockerfile

Reviewer: Actually let's update the title to "Configure the Datadog Agent using Dockerfile"

Using a Dockerfile to build your container, the following steps are needed:

1. Use the `COPY` instruction to copy the [Datadog `serverless-init` binary][3] into your Docker image.

2. Use the `ENTRYPOINT` instruction to run the `serverless-init` binary as your Docker container is initiated.

3. Use the `CMD` instruction to run your existing application and other required commands as arguments.

You can accomplish those steps by adding the following lines to your Dockerfile. You may need to adjust these examples
depending on your existing Dockerfile setup.

{{< programming-lang-wrapper langs="go,python,nodejs,java,dotnet,ruby" >}}
{{< programming-lang lang="go" >}}

```

> COPY --from=datadog/serverless-init:beta4 /datadog-init /app/datadog-init

Reviewer: Can you discuss with your team in standup about using `:latest` instead of say `beta4`? so we avoid updating the doc every release?

Author: I removed the tag from `serverless-init`and the buildpack.
The buildpack has no latest tag yet though, I will check on why

Author: ok we are going to push the `latest` tag to docker hub soon

> See [Tracing Python Applications][1] for detailed instructions. [Sample code for a simple Python application][2].

Reviewer: we should link to the "Instrument Your Application" section, because serverless-init already set up the agent?

Author: I like the idea. It also remove the duplicated per language code there (or it can be done as separate tabs in the other section)

[1]: /tracing/trace_collection/dd_libraries/ruby/

[2]: https://github.com/DataDog/crpb/tree/main/ruby-on-rails
{{< /programming-lang >}}
{{< /programming-lang-wrapper >}}

Then build the container with

```shell
docker build --tag gcr.io/YOUR_PROJECT/YOUR_APP_NAME .

```

#### Using Datadog buildpack

[`Pack Buildpacks`][4] provide a convenient way to package your container without using a Dockerfile. This example
will use the GCP container registry and Datadog serverless buildpack. Build your application by running the following
command making sure to use the latest tag for [`datadog/serverless-buildpack`][13]:

   ```shell
   pack build --builder=gcr.io/buildpacks/builder \
   --buildpack from=builder \
   --buildpack datadog/serverless-buildpack:beta4 \
   gcr.io/YOUR_PROJECT/YOUR_APP_NAME
   ```

**Note**: Not compatible with Alpine.

### Push the container image to the registry

Make sure you are logged in `gcloud` and authorized docker with `gcloud auth configure-docker`. Then push to your GCP
container registry:

   ```shell
   docker push gcr.io/YOUR_PROJECT/YOUR_APP_NAME
   ```

> ### Deploy to Cloud Run

Reviewer: Also we should add instructions for DD_SITE as well, like this https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/blob/master/content/en/serverless/installation/python.md?plain=1#L314. It is also mandatory, otherwise people run into invalid api key error. We have seen many people run into this problem in the past.

> ### Deploy to Cloud Run

Author: good point. Added `DD_TRACE_ENABLED` too

    ```
    docker push gcr.io/YOUR_PROJECT/YOUR_APP_NAME
    ```
### Push the container image to the registry

Make sure you are logged in `gcloud` and authorized docker with `gcloud auth configure-docker`. Then push to your GCP
container registry:

   ```shell
   docker push gcr.io/YOUR_PROJECT/YOUR_APP_NAME
   ```

### Deploy to Cloud Run
Below are instructions for deploying a Cloud Run service using standard GCP tools. If you have other systems in place for managing container images, secrets, or deployments, you may use those instead.

3. Run this command to submit your build to GCP.
{{< tabs >}}

   ```

>    gcloud builds submit --tag gcr.io/YOUR_PROJECT/YOUR_APP_NAME

Reviewer: I think we should mention the option to quickly try out the product with a plaintext DD_API_KEY, while recommend using secrets manager for security.

Author: This part is covered in the `gcloud CLI`. Should it be the default tab view?

#### Environment variables

| Variable          | Description                                                             |
|-------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `DD_SITE`         | [Datadog site][8].                                                      |
| `DD_LOGS_ENABLED` | When true, send logs (stdout and stderr) to Datadog. Defaults to false. |
| `DD_SERVICE`      | See [Unified Service Tagging][9].                                       |
| `DD_VERSION`      | See [Unified Service Tagging][9].                                       |
| `DD_ENV`          | See [Unified Service Tagging][9].                                       |
| `DD_SOURCE`       | See [Unified Service Tagging][9].                                       |
| `DD_TAGS`         | See [Unified Service Tagging][9].                                       |

## Troubleshooting

#### SSL

This integration depends on your runtime having a full SSL implementation. If you are using a slim image for Node, you
may need to add the following command to your Dockerfile to include certificates.

```
RUN apt-get update && apt-get install -y ca-certificates
```

> #### Buildpack fail with 'Failed to run /bin/build: for Python, an entrypoint must be manually set, either with "GOOGLE_ENTRYPOINT"'

Reviewer: either with "GOOGLE_ENTRYPOINT" or ...??? is this sentence finished? also can we use a keyword for title? this very long sentence looks weird when rendered as a bolded title.

Author: I will remove this part since it's not related to the datadog integration but general debugging
